hey everyone this is allen from digital
product review and today i'm going to be
doing a review of trendy digital designs
WaterGuard plus waterproof case for the
ipad this is their new updated version
of their waterproof case for the ipad as
you can see i have the case in four
different colors here's the case in
clear transparent color here is the
purple version of the case here i have a
case in red and here's the case in blue
crab i'm doing a demo on the creation of
the case there are a couple unique and
new features of this product i'd like to
highlight the first is the strap
mechanism i have here to attach the
strap mechanism simply take the clip of
the strap and hook it into the holes at
the top of the case just like that and
then you do the same for the other hole
now that the strap mechanism is securely
in place you can put the strap around
your neck and
view your device like this and now we're
going to go ahead and take off the strap
to do that unhook the clip from the hole
and do the same for the other pole now
we've successfully detach the straps now
we're going to go ahead and open up the
case to do that on bond the bottoms
first then which reveals two layers of
secure seal when you're opening the
secure seal you'll hear a popping sound
which indicates that you have fastened
miss you make sure you hear a popping
sound both layers and now you have
access to the exterior view sorry the
interior of the case first thing you'll
notice about you here is that there's a
transparent surface which allows you to
interact with your device from the
exterior I'll all stop I'd also like to
point out the padding on the back which
provides a protective cushion for your
ipad now
go ahead and put our iPad into the case
we're going to make sure that the power
button is facing away from the top of
the case the part where all the buttons
and secure seal is so just slide it in
like that and now we're going to turn
now we're going to turn on the iPad as
you can see accessing the carbon is not
a problem because the transparent
surface and now we can go ahead and
secure the case which can be done by
first popping the secure see you really
want to make sure humming sound
indicates tighten securely fastened
it'll seal once the seal is completely
fastened then we can go ahead and fold
it in and velcro
a big topic is and also buttons our iPad
is securely in place and as you can see
interacting with the ipad the ipad is in
this case is not at home at all so now
we're going on youtube and
now we're watching a video of trendy
digital's dimension case ipad so that
gives a brief overview of the basic
functionalities of trendy visuals water
gone plus waterproof case and that
concludes our first segment out of this
video